content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Home
seo:
  title:
  description:
hero:
  heading: Chiropractic Care In Green Bay, WI
  sub_heading: Your Path to Healing and Empowered Wellness
  body: 
    We’re grateful to have you here at Chiropractic Family, a place where healing happens and your wellness journey begins. Our goal is to help you achieve optimal health and wellness through safe, gentle, and effective chiropractic services. We invite you to take a step towards better health.


    <strong>Welcome to our family!</strong>
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/neck-adjustment.png
    image_alt: Male getting his neck readjusted
  image1:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-leaf.svg
    image_alt: Artistic leaf
  image2:
    image_url: /uploads/blob-design.svg
    image_alt: Shape design
  image3:
    image_url: /uploads/spine.png
    image_alt: Image of a spine
intro:
  enabled: true
  heading: Meet Dr. Emily Radka
  body: 
    Dr. Emily, born and raised in West De Pere, WI, always knew she wanted to be in the healthcare field. She completed her prerequisite courses in human biology at the University of Wisconsin - Green Bay before pursuing her Doctorate in Chiropractic and Bachelor’s Degree of Chiropractic at Palmer College of Chiropractic. With extensive clinical experience serving patients of all ages, from infants to seniors, Dr. Emily is committed to providing compassionate and personalized chiropractic care.
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/headshot-of-emily.jpg
    image_alt:
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /about/
    button_text: Learn More About Chiropractic Family
our_services_block:
  heading: Our Services
  enabled: true
  content:
    - heading: Our Mission to Your Wellness
      body: 
        At Chiropractic Family, <strong>our mission is to provide compassionate and personalized chiropractic care to help you achieve optimal health and wellness.</strong> We are dedicated to educating and empowering our patients, encouraging them to take an active role in their own health. <strong>Trust, respect, and outstanding service</strong> are the pillars of our care.
    - heading: Feel Your Best and Thrive
      body: 
        Chiropractic adjustments are a safe and effective way to reduce headaches, muscle aches and pains, mobility issues, back pain, neck soreness, poor posture, joint pain, sciatica, improve balance and promote overall health and wellness. Dr. Emily can help address all these issues and more non-invasively and without medications.
    - heading: At Any Stage of Life, We Got You
      body: 
        Dr. Emily offers safe and effective chiropractic adjustments for patients of all ages. With training in diversified, Thompson, Activator, and more techniques, she tailors each treatment to meet your specific needs. At Chiropractic Family, we welcome patients from infants to the elderly, ensuring comprehensive care for the whole family.
  button: 
    enabled: true
    button_url: /services/
    button_text: Our Services
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/image-of-a-toddler.png
    image_alt: Image of a toddler
  image1:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-branch.svg
    image_alt: Image of an artistic branch
  image2:
    image_url: /uploads/pregnant-woman.png
    image_alt: Image of a pregnant woman
  image3:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-tree.svg
    image_alt:  Image of an artistic tree
---
Test

Commit message:

Added testimonial/quote block on homepage

content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Home
seo:
  title:
  description:
hero:
  heading: Chiropractic Care In Green Bay, WI
  sub_heading: Your Path to Healing and Empowered Wellness
  body: 
    We’re grateful to have you here at Chiropractic Family, a place where healing happens and your wellness journey begins. Our goal is to help you achieve optimal health and wellness through safe, gentle, and effective chiropractic services. We invite you to take a step towards better health.


    <strong>Welcome to our family!</strong>
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/neck-adjustment.png
    image_alt: Male getting his neck readjusted
  image1:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-leaf.svg
    image_alt: Artistic leaf
  image2:
    image_url: /uploads/blob-design.svg
    image_alt: Shape design
  image3:
    image_url: /uploads/spine.png
    image_alt: Image of a spine
intro:
  enabled: true
  heading: Meet Dr. Emily Radka
  body: 
    Dr. Emily, born and raised in West De Pere, WI, always knew she wanted to be in the healthcare field. She completed her prerequisite courses in human biology at the University of Wisconsin - Green Bay before pursuing her Doctorate in Chiropractic and Bachelor’s Degree of Chiropractic at Palmer College of Chiropractic. With extensive clinical experience serving patients of all ages, from infants to seniors, Dr. Emily is committed to providing compassionate and personalized chiropractic care.
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/headshot-of-emily.jpg
    image_alt:
  button:
    enabled: true
    button_url: /about/
    button_text: Learn More About Chiropractic Family
our_services_block:
  heading: Our Services
  enabled: true
  content:
    - heading: Our Mission to Your Wellness
      body: 
        At Chiropractic Family, <strong>our mission is to provide compassionate and personalized chiropractic care to help you achieve optimal health and wellness.</strong> We are dedicated to educating and empowering our patients, encouraging them to take an active role in their own health. <strong>Trust, respect, and outstanding service</strong> are the pillars of our care.
    - heading: Feel Your Best and Thrive
      body: 
        Chiropractic adjustments are a safe and effective way to reduce headaches, muscle aches and pains, mobility issues, back pain, neck soreness, poor posture, joint pain, sciatica, improve balance and promote overall health and wellness. Dr. Emily can help address all these issues and more non-invasively and without medications.
    - heading: At Any Stage of Life, We Got You
      body: 
        Dr. Emily offers safe and effective chiropractic adjustments for patients of all ages. With training in diversified, Thompson, Activator, and more techniques, she tailors each treatment to meet your specific needs. At Chiropractic Family, we welcome patients from infants to the elderly, ensuring comprehensive care for the whole family.
  button: 
    enabled: true
    button_url: /services/
    button_text: Our Services
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/image-of-a-toddler.png
    image_alt: Image of a toddler
  image1:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-branch.svg
    image_alt: Image of an artistic branch
  image2:
    image_url: /uploads/pregnant-woman.png
    image_alt: Image of a pregnant woman
  image3:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-tree.svg
    image_alt:  Image of an artistic tree
testimonial_block:
  enabled: true
  heading: Testimonials
  quotes:
    - quote:
        <strong>Dr. Emily is the best!</strong> She was very in tune to me and knew exactly what needed to be adjusted. She went above and beyond to make sure that I could get back to the gym and enjoy working out pain free and not taking time off to heal."
      quoter: Cindy
      image:
        image_url: /uploads/quote-left.png
        image_alt: Blob shape for quote
    - quote: 
        I have been going to chiropractors since I was 16 and in that time I have only had one chiropractor successfully adjust my neck. After seeing Dr. Emily she was able to successfully adjust me and my neck. <strong>I have never felt better!</strong> She is amazing!!"
      quoter: Mike
      image:
        image_url: /uploads/quote-right.png
        image_alt: Blob shape for quote
---
Test
