content/about/index.md, before:

---
title: About
menu:
  main:
    weight: 2
  footer:
    weight: 2
seo:
  page_title: Our Mission to Your Wellness
  meta_description: At Chiropractic Family, our mission is to provide compassionate and personalized chiropractic care to help you achieve optimal health and wellness.
  featured_image:
hero: 
  enabled: true
  heading: our mission to your wellness
  body: At Chiropractic Family, <strong>our mission is to provide compassionate and personalized chiropractic care to help you achieve optimal health and wellness.</strong> We are dedicated to educating and empowering our patients, encouraging them to take an active role in their own health. <strong>Trust, respect, and outstanding service</strong> are the pillars of our care.
  button:
    enabled: true
    open_in_new_tab: true
    button_url: #
    button_text: Visit Us
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-branch.jpg
    image_alt:  Artistic Flower Stem
  image1:
    image_url: /uploads/child-patient.jpg
    image_alt:  Stock Image Baby
---

## about chiropractic family

Chiropractic Family is a new state of the art chiropractic clinic in the Green Bay area. Dr. Emily recently graduated from Palmer College of Chiropractic. At Chiropractic Family it is our mission to achieve optimal health by empowering families to take control of their health. Emily has a passion for families and helping brand new babies to those in their golden years.

Commit message:

Removed intro block from global partial

content/about/index.md, after:

---
title: About
menu:
  main:
    weight: 2
  footer:
    weight: 2
seo:
  page_title: Our Mission to Your Wellness
  meta_description: At Chiropractic Family, our mission is to provide compassionate and personalized chiropractic care to help you achieve optimal health and wellness.
  featured_image:
hero:
  enabled: true
  heading: our mission to your wellness
  body: At Chiropractic Family, <strong>our mission is to provide compassionate and personalized chiropractic care to help you achieve optimal health and wellness.</strong> We are dedicated to educating and empowering our patients, encouraging them to take an active role in their own health. <strong>Trust, respect, and outstanding service</strong> are the pillars of our care.
  button:
    enabled: true
    open_in_new_tab: true
    button_url: #
    button_text: Visit Us
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/artistic-branch.jpg
    image_alt:  Artistic Flower Stem
  image1:
    image_url: /uploads/child-patient.jpg
    image_alt:  Stock Image Baby
intro:
  enabled: true
  heading: Meet Dr. Emily Radka
  body:
    Dr. Emily, born and raised in West De Pere, WI, always knew she wanted to be in the healthcare field. She completed her prerequisite courses in human biology at the University of Wisconsin - Green Bay before pursuing her Doctorate in Chiropractic and Bachelor’s Degree of Chiropractic at Palmer College of Chiropractic. With extensive clinical experience serving patients of all ages, from infants to seniors, Dr. Emily is committed to providing <strong>compassionate and personalized chiropractic care.</strong>
  image:
    image_url: /uploads/dr-emily-radka.jpg
    image_alt: Headshot of Dr. Emily Radka
  button:
    enabled: false
    button_url: /about/
    button_text: Learn More About Us
---

## about chiropractic family

Chiropractic Family is a new state of the art chiropractic clinic in the Green Bay area. Dr. Emily recently graduated from Palmer College of Chiropractic. At Chiropractic Family it is our mission to achieve optimal health by empowering families to take control of their health. Emily has a passion for families and helping brand new babies to those in their golden years.
